[Music]
okay so this
is the pocophone f3 this is their newest
mid-ranger comes in around
300 350 us dollars once you convert it
and this is just stacked the hardware in
here is
really good for the price i don't think
that you're going to find many other
competitors that can hit this kind of
price point
for this kind of hardware now pocophone
has
a whole slew of phones right they've had
some 200 phones 150
phones they can get really cheap and
those are great value but usually when
you dip down to that kind of price point
you have to make some pretty
big compromises to get that price point
right whether it's a screen or the
processor or something some kind of
deficiency in the product to be able to
hit
super cheap prices now at 350 this is
not
dirt cheap right this is a decent amount
of spend
but this feels like a fairly compromise
free
experience and if you're a performance
enthusiast but you don't want to spend a
crazy amount of money on a smartphone
i would definitely consider this device
so i'm gonna start for the screen
because this has an amazing screen for
the money probably the best screen
you're gonna see
at this price point it's 1080p 120 hertz
great colors and it gets bright this is
actually the same panel that you see
on the me11 and when i look at this
display this defines a product for me
like when i look at this i think
where else can you get a display of this
quality this brightness and this kind of
characteristic
for this kind of price you just can't
even other pocophones like the
x3 pro that just launched that's a 450
nit screen
this is 12 or 1300 nits it's so much
brighter and it's just
top end screen for a mid-range price the
speakers are stereo but keep in mind
that the earpiece one like the upper one
is a little bit quieter than the bottom
firing one but it is still a very
distinct
stereo effect now the fingerprint sensor
on the side is actually quite unique
it has a convex shape to it like it's a
regular power button or a regular
sleep wake button normally when you have
a side mounted fingerprint sensor
it's flat and they have like sharp edges
and stuff that just makes
the experience not perfect this feels
like a regular button
and it's fast to unlock i really like it
now the frame of this device
is plastic it's got a gray gunmetal
color to it with a bit of a metallic
sheen
but it is plastic the back panel is
glass and it also has that gunmetal
color but this
is very reflective it's almost like this
chromed out finish
i think it looks really good but i don't
think it's for everyone and because it's
glass
i was concerned about the scratch
resistance of it so i tested it out
but it's really good despite the chrome
looking finish
now there is no headphone jack nor is
there a micro sd slot
in the sim card tray but i think they're
going for a different user group i feel
like they're not
going for the users that would want that
stuff they're trying to pull in the
audience that would go for the premium
flagship stuff because the processor in
here is
nearly top of the line it's the
snapdragon 870 and this
isn't as jacked as the snapdragon triple
eight it's kind of like a boosted
865 plus so this 350 dollar phone can
outperform devices that were top of the
line four months ago
it's pretty incredible now the
performance is really good it's not as
good as the triple eight but you're
seeing great frame rates in games
excellent system performance for the
people that want that really fast and
fluid smartphone experience
this delivers it now the battery is 4
500 milliamp hours it's a medium-sized
battery it's a little bit smaller than
the one
on the x3 pro but screen on time is also
a little bit less than i was hoping for
i'm getting like six sometimes six and a
half hours
it's not amazing but it's good you do
get 33 watt fast charging so you can
juice this thing up
in just under an hour but you don't get
wireless charging
you rarely do with this kind of price
point but if that's what you're looking
for
that would be a missing feature now i
want to talk about the camera
at the beginning of this video i stated
that this delivered a relatively
compromise free experience
but the camera isn't amazing which in
theory should be a compromise right
let me explain at this kind of price
point you never get a great camera
system
and unless you're buying like a used
samsung device or like
maybe a pixel 4a in general cameras at
this point
they're they're nothing to talk about
and i think smartphone companies are
they've realized that that is the that's
the feature that you can just keep
up selling right every hundred dollars
that you put more into a
phone you just get a better camera
system and this
is a camera system with very average
image quality you get
clean images with pretty good colors if
there's enough light
but it falls apart quickly in tough
conditions and if i'm comparing this to
the new
samsung a52 photos taken in good
lighting conditions are comparable but
the moment it gets dark
the a52 is noticeably better it's got a
better sensor
it has optical image stabilization so
it's just gonna shoot better it is
a more expensive mid-range phone though
the ultra wide
on the f3 is also predictably mid-range
it's got fair image quality when there's
enough light but
it falls apart really fast in the dark
now in terms of video you can shoot in
up to 4k
30 and the software stabilization is
pretty good on the pocophone
but the overall camera system is fairly
average it's not
awful right there's devices out there
that have way worse camera systems than
this
at this price point but it's nothing
special
but earlier i mentioned this device the
samsung a52 5g and this is a
very well-rounded phone this is 450
but you get a better camera system you
get a headphone jack you get micro sd
support
there's a lot of good stuff that's going
on in here but you also get a noticeably
slower processor
than the poco phone that's where things
get a little bit more complex
let's say you extrapolate and you look
like two three years out
into the future what does that phone
experience look like for someone that
picked up the samsung versus someone
that picked up
this f3 and i would say for a lot of
people
the f3 is gonna feel faster it's gonna
feel
like a more fluid experience in two or
three years time
so samsung gets great software support
right they get three to four years of
software and feature updates these guys
are pretty good it's like two and a half
three years depending on the device
but they have excellent community
support so you get like custom roms
pixel experience in particular is really
good on the paco phone devices
there is still some blower that comes
pre-installed you can remove it but
there's also
the occasional ad you can easily disable
them all it's just super annoying that
they do this in the first place but
for 350 to get a near flagship processor
this is going to age really well in
comparison to
almost any other product in this
category to get this kind of performance
it's why the pocophone f1 to this day
is still so good because i had a
snapdragon 845
think about it i'm sure some of you guys
still use it you have a
three-year-old phone i think it's three
let's say three
three year old phone and it's still
competitive because it came with such a
high-end
processor that's why stuff like this
even though it's really good today and
it's
viable for today and i highly recommend
this device they just don't last
as long i'm just putting that out there
okay that's the f3 video hope you guys
enjoyed it thumbs if you liked it subs
if you loved it
see you guys next time